docs: new product messaging for marketing launch (#52319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/integrations/integrations.mdx

---
title: Teleport Identity Security Integrations
description: Integrations in Access Graph with Identity Security.
---

Teleport can integrate with identity providers (IdPs) like Okta and AWS OIDC 
which can then be used with Access Graph, providing a comprehensive, 
interactive view of how users, roles, and resources are interconnected, 
enabling administrators to better understand and control access policies.

> Read the following guides for information on using Teleport Zero Trust Access Graph to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the following guides for information on using Teleport Identity Security Access Graph to
```
